README.md, before:

# minecraft-modpack-updater
simple updater allowing to update the modpack. 
author: m1ron


prequisities: 


sudo apt install libarchive-tools

sudo apt install zip

mkdir server-downloads

mkdir server-backup

mkdir modpack-worlds

chmod a+x modpack-updater.sh


either move the world to other location (everything should still work as before, but tested without AMP): mv world /home/miron/Downloads/valhelsia/modpack-worlds and then create a symlink: ln -s /home/miron/Downloads/valhelsia/modpack-worlds . (dot only when you are in directory where world is supposed to be)

for convenience remember to link full path from root (/a/b/c/d/map)


variables:

ENV="$HOME/Downloads/valhelsia"   #set this variable to script location, KEEP THE DIRECTORY STRUCTURE as i didn't make sure it will work without it ^^

PATH_DOWNLOADS="server-downloads"   #variable pointing at zip files download location

PATH_BACKUPS="server-backups"   #variable for backup created when script is run

PATH_CURRENT="valhelsia-2-test"  #has to point at valhelsia 2 directory


script will automatically create a backup of the current server version excluding symbolic links, so either symlink the world or add -x world/* as argument.

usage: ./modpack-updater.sh server-downloads/Valhelsia+2-2.2.7.zip

Commit message:

improvements (all absolute paths but the update zip file, little more verbose) added WORLD change little refactoring (removed unused variables, updated comments)

README.md, after:

# minecraft-modpack-updater
simple updater allowing to update the modpack. 
author: m1ron


prequisities: 


sudo apt install libarchive-tools

sudo apt install zip

mkdir server-backup #not required but PATH_BACKUPS has to point somewhere

chmod a+x modpack-updater.sh



you can move the world to other location (everything should still work as before, but tested without AMP): mv world /home/miron/Downloads/valhelsia/modpack-worlds and then create a symlink: ln -s /home/miron/Downloads/valhelsia/modpack-worlds . (dot only when you are in directory where world is supposed to be)

remember to link as absolute path (from root directory) (/a/b/c/d/map)



variables (ONLY ABSOLUTE PATHS)

PATH_BACKUPS="/media/sf_cudashared/valhelsia-2/server-backups"   #variable for backup created when script is run

PATH_CURRENT="/media/sf_cudashared/valhelsia-2/valhelsia-2-current"  #has to point at valhelsia 2 directory

WORLD="/media/sf_cudashared/valhelsia-2/valhelsia-2-current/valhelsia-2-world" #script checks if value is NULL (empty) and will take it under account if world is present
OR
WORLD=     #choose whether it should omit world directory or not

script will automatically create a backup of the current server version excluding symbolic links.

usage: ./modpack-updater.sh Valhelsia+2-2.2.7.zip
